Sunday 09/27/15, 5pm - Team meeting.  
Posted by    Sean Christie  at Sunday, September 27, 2015 6:31:20 PM
We discussed the major points of the game and assigned some responsibilities.  Attached is a copy of the conversation for reference.

Descisions made so far: 

Game will be a FPS shooter.

Game takes place on a Dark Planet (also working title).

Main character is a nameless Miner stuck deep in a cave system.  Strange creatures attacked and killed other workers while Miner was repairing equipment in a secluded chamber.

Primary goal is to reach the surface and escape the monsters.  Player will need to kill creatures to gain materials to upgrade weapons/equipment (tentative) to beat stronger enemies and eventually escape.

Checkpoints will allow character to teleport back to starting chamber to upgrade weapon/store items.  Each checkpoint will be guarded by a mini-boss for the creature type found in that area (tentative).

Enemies will have 4-5 varieties with mini-bosses for each type and one "Big Boss".  Enemies will be crystalline in nature and take on the appearance of different creatures, worms, spiders, beetles, etc.  Exact details to be discussed at next meeting.

There will be different weapons necessary to defeat each enemy type, created in the original chamber.  Character will collect special items from each defeated enemy in order to upgrade weapon.

Game will have a "Big Boss" or "Final Boss" that player will have to defeat to end the game.

Game will consist of a single level that takes place in a mining cave system.

Health will be depicted as Oxygen Level which the player has to refill periodically or they will die.  Enemies that attack will create tears in players suit that leak oxygen, too many tears and the player suffocates (tentative).  Suit will be self repairing, stopping leak and restoring a small amount of what was lost (tentative).  

Player will be able to find oxygen stations/canisters that will refill/increase the amount of oxygen the player has, thereby increasing "health" and allowing for longer exploration.

-------

Next meeting will flesh out more concepts and finalize some ideas.  

Sean has been placed in charge of documentation, journaling, and story.

First Meeting Notes - GSD499.html 
